--- PAGE 1 ---
ServiceNow Documentation
PDF generated on March 26, 2018
This PDF was created from content on docs.servicenow.com. The web site is updated frequently.
For the most current ServiceNow product documentation, go to docs.servicenow.com.
Some examples and graphics depicted herein are provided for illustration only. No real
association or connection to ServiceNow products or services is intended or should be inferred.

--- PAGE 2 ---
You can find the most up-to-date technical documentation on the ServiceNow web site at:
http://docs.servicenow.com
The ServiceNow site also provides the latest product updates.
If you have comments about this documentation, submit your feedback to:
docfeedback@servicenow.com
Company Headquarters
2225 Lawson Lane
Santa Clara, CA 95054
United States
(408)501-8550
 
 
© 2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use Privacy Statement

--- PAGE 3 ---
Contents
ITSM guided setup. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4
Access ITSM guided setup. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
ITSM guided setup user interface. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
Unlock a task in ITSM guided setup. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
Mark a configuration task as complete or incomplete. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
March 26, 2018 ©2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved. 3
ServiceNow |

--- PAGE 4 ---
ITSM guided setup
Last updated: December 02, 2017
ITSM guided setup provides a sequence of tasks that help you configure IT Service
Management (ITSM) applications on your ServiceNow instance.
ITSM guided setup guides you through completing configuration activities that are
organized in categories for common platform settings and ITSM applications. The
percentage of activities that you complete for each category is displayed, so that you can
monitor your progress. Each configuration activity in ITSM guided setup provides the
following resources to help you:
• More information (if available for an activity)
• Contextual embedded help
• Contextual documentation on the ServiceNow product documentation site
• Guided tour (if available for an activity)
Introduction ITSM with a focus on guided setup
Guided activities for platform configurations
ITSM guided setup helps you configure common platform settings with these activity
categories:
Company
In the Company category, configure the company name, logo, and color theme to reflect
your corporate brand. Also configure default system settings such as the time zone and the
date and time formats.
March 26, 2018 ©2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved. 4
ServiceNow | ITSM guided setup

--- PAGE 5 ---
Connectivity
In the Connectivity category, configure your instance to support inbound and outbound
email notification. Also integrate the instance with your existing LDAP and single sign-on
(SSO) solutions.
Foundation Data
If you do not use Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) to import data into your
instance, complete the activities in the Foundation Data category. Use the Foundation Data
category to import users, groups, group members, companies, departments, and locations.
Also assign roles to groups.
Guided activities for configuration of ITSM applications
ITSM guided setup provides activity categories to help you configure these corresponding
ITSM applications:
CMDB
The CMDB is a repository of information about your IT infrastructure and services.
Complete the activities in this category to configure the CMDB for your organization.
Incident Management
Incident Management helps restore normal service operations as quickly as possible after
an unplanned interruption and helps minimize the impact to your business. Complete the
activities in this category to configure the incident management process for your
organization.
Change Management
The Change Management application helps assess risk and reduce disruption when
implementing necessary changes to IT services. Complete the activities in this category to
configure the change management process for your organization.
Problem Management
Problem Management helps identify, investigate, and resolve root causes of incidents.
Complete the activities in this category to configure the problem management process for
your organization.
Service Catalog
The Service Catalog application helps to present the services that your organization offers
to employees. Complete the activities in this category to structure and build the services
that the employees can request through the service catalog.
Knowledge Management
The Knowledge Management application helps capture and share the ideas, experience,
and information that your users collectively possess. Effective use of Knowledge
March 26, 2018 ©2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved. 5
ServiceNow | ITSM guided setup

--- PAGE 6 ---
Management improves efficiency, quality of service, and customer satisfaction. Complete
the activities in this category to configure the knowledge management process for your
organization.
Guided activity to prepare your ServiceNow instance for
production use
After you complete all other activity categories, complete the Go Live category to take the
final steps to prepare your instance for deployment.
Note: ITSM guided setup is not supported on tablet and mobile devices. Use one of
the desktop browsers.
• Access ITSM guided setup
You can access ITSM guided setup from the System Administration homepage or by
navigating to the ITSM guided setup application if the ITSM Guided Setup
(com.snc.guided_setup) plugin is active.
• ITSM guided setup user interface
Each page of the guided setup provides various components to help you navigate to
activities and monitor your progress.
• Unlock a task in ITSM guided setup
A configuration task in ITSM guided setup can have prerequisites that must be completed
before the configurations for the task can be started. Such tasks are displayed as locked
until the prerequisites are completed.
• Mark a configuration task as complete or incomplete
In ITSM guided setup, you can mark a task as complete after you finish it or if you decide
to accept the default configurations. If you decide later that you want to configure the
task, you can mark the task as incomplete to update the completion status accordingly.
March 26, 2018 ©2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved. 6
ServiceNow | ITSM guided setup

--- PAGE 7 ---
Access ITSM guided setup
Last updated: November 16, 2017
You can access ITSM guided setup from the System Administration homepage or by
navigating to the ITSM guided setup application if the ITSM Guided Setup
(com.snc.guided_setup) plugin is active.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
The ITSM Guided Setup plugin is active by default for new provisioned instances. If an
instance is upgraded to the Kingston release, then you must activate the plugin to enable
ITSM guided setup.
Introduction ITSM with a focus on guided setup
Procedure
1. Start ITSM guided setup from either the System Administration homepage or the
application navigator.
Option Description
From the System Administration homepage a. On the System Administration homepage,
click Guided Setup.
b. On the guided setup page, click ITSM
guided setup.
From the application navigator Navigate to Guided Setup > ITSM Guided
Setup.
2. On the ITSM guided setup homepage, review the list of prerequisites.
March 26, 2018 ©2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved. 7
ServiceNow | ITSM guided setup

--- PAGE 8 ---
3. Click Get started when you are ready to start the tasks for setting up your instance and
ITSM applications.
4. From the category view page, you can then navigate to different pages to review each
activity category and complete the tasks within them.
For more information on the controls and various UI components on the different pages
of ITSM guided setup, see ITSM guided setup user interface.
Related Tasks
• Unlock a task in ITSM guided setup
• Mark a configuration task as complete or incomplete
ITSM guided setup user interface
Last updated: November 16, 2017
Each page of the guided setup provides various components to help you navigate to
activities and monitor your progress.
Introduction ITSM with a focus on guided setup
ITSM guided setup homepage
The ITSM guided setup homepage displays a list of prerequisites for configuring ITSM
applications on your ServiceNow instance. It also displays the overall percentage of
completed activities.
March 26, 2018 ©2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved. 8
ServiceNow | ITSM guided setup

--- PAGE 9 ---
ITSM Guided Setup homepage
ITSM Guided Setup homepage UI components
No. UI Component Description
1 Completion indicator Displays the overall percentage
of completed tasks.
Note: The percentage
may decrease if you
upgrade to a new
version and have
new configuration
items to complete.
2 Homepage control Opens the ITSM guided setup
homepage.
3 Progress chain Represents each activity
category with a node. The node
can appear in any of the
following formats to indicate
your progress in the category:
•
 : Not started
•
 : In progress
•
 : Skipped
•
 : Complete
March 26, 2018 ©2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved. 9
ServiceNow | ITSM guided setup

--- PAGE 10 ---
No. UI Component Description
To view details for the category,
click the corresponding node.
4 Navigator pane control Helps maximize or minimize the
application navigator pane.
5 Pre-setup checklist Displays a list of prerequisites
that you may need to configure
ITSM applications.
6 Get Started button Opens the category view page.
Note: If you return to the
homepage after
starting
configuration tasks,
the Continue
button is displayed
instead of the Get
Started button.
ITSM guided setup category view page
The ITSM guided setup category view page displays the configuration categories and the
tasks contained in them.
March 26, 2018 ©2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved. 10
ServiceNow | ITSM guided setup

--- PAGE 11 ---
ITSM Guided Setup category view page
Category view page components
No. UI Component Description
1 Status Displays the status of the
configuration tasks in the
category.
• Not started: Indicates that the
configuration tasks in the
category are not started. You
can click the Get Started to
start the configurations on the
task view page.
March 26, 2018 ©2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved. 11
ServiceNow | ITSM guided setup

--- PAGE 12 ---
No. UI Component Description
• In progress: Indicates that the
configurations tasks are in
progress. The percentage of
complete tasks is also
displayed. You can click
Continue to continue with the
configurations on the task
view page.
• Complete: Indicates that the
configuration tasks are
complete. You can click Edit to
change the configurations on
the task view page.
• Skipped: Indicates that the
configuration tasks in the
category are skipped. If a
category is skipped, its
description and configuration
tasks are not displayed. To
redisplay the description and
tasks for a skipped category,
you can click Activate.
2 Category name Displays the category name and
its brief description. You can
click Skip to skip the
configuration tasks in the
category. If a category is
skipped, its description and
configuration tasks are not
displayed.
3 Tasks Lists the configuration tasks in
the category. These icons
indicate the status of each task:
•
 : Not started
•
 : Locked
•
 : Skipped
•
 : Complete
4 Filter Filters the categories by their
completion status. You can filter
the categories with these
options:
• Show all
• Incomplete
• Complete
5 Accept Best Practices If available, provides a way to
accept the default
configurations and mark the
selected items as complete with
a single click. When you point to
this component the status icons
for the effected tasks change to
show what will be marked
complete.
March 26, 2018 ©2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved. 12
ServiceNow | ITSM guided setup

--- PAGE 13 ---
No. UI Component Description
Note: This does not
change any of the
configurations. The
tasks are only
marked as
complete to show
the default Best
Practice
configurations will
be used. Once
selected this cannot
be reverted. You
can modify any
individual tasks as
needed.
Note: For details on the components that are common between the category view
page and the homepage, see ITSM guided setup homepage.
ITSM guided setup task view page
The ITSM guided setup task view page displays the configuration tasks, their descriptions,
and their current statuses. It also provides controls to start tasks, skip tasks, mark tasks as
complete, or unlock tasks.
ITSM Guided Setup task view page
Task view page components
No. UI Component Description
1 Completion indicator Displays the percentage of
completed tasks in the category.
March 26, 2018 ©2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved. 13
ServiceNow | ITSM guided setup

--- PAGE 14 ---
No. UI Component Description
2 Accept Best Practices If available, provides a way to
accept the default
configurations and mark the
selected items as complete with
a single click. When you point to
this component the status icons
for the affected tasks change to
show what is marked complete.
Note: This does not
change any of the
configurations. The
tasks are only
marked as
complete to show
that the default
Best Practice
configurations will
be used. Once
selected this cannot
be reverted. You
can modify any
individual tasks as
needed.
3 Assign Provides a way to assign tasks
to other administrators. All tasks
in the category can be assigned
to a single admin or each can be
assigned individually. The list
only displays users with the
admin role. When a task is
assigned, the admin receives a
notification to the email address
in their user file.
4 Category name Lists the configuration tasks in
the category. These icons
indicate the status of each task:
•
 : Not started
•
 : Locked
•
 : Skipped
•
 : Complete
•
 : Best practice accepted
5 Tasks Displays the task name and its
brief description.
You can click Skip to skip the
configuration task. If a task is
skipped, its controls become
unavailable.
Some tasks are locked because
you must activate a plugin to
March 26, 2018 ©2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved. 14
ServiceNow | ITSM guided setup

--- PAGE 15 ---
No. UI Component Description
start the task. You can click View
plugins to unlock the task. For
details, see Unlock a task in
ITSM guided setup.
6 Add notes Opens a dialog box to enter
comments regarding the task
configuration process. This
component changes to View
notes when a note has content.
The completed note can also be
accessed in the Guided Setup
Task [gsw_task] table.
7 Task controls Controls to start or complete a
task:
• Configure: Use this control to
start a configuration task.
• Mark as complete: Use this
control to mark a
configuration task as
complete.
You can mark a configuration
task as complete after you
complete the required
configurations or beforehand
to accept the default
configuration settings.
Note: For details on the components that are common between the task view page
and the homepage, see ITSM guided setup homepage.
ITSM guided setup more information page
The more information page helps you to understand a process, provides information on the
benefits of the activity, and describes what to do for a proposed solution.
March 26, 2018 ©2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved. 15
ServiceNow | ITSM guided setup

--- PAGE 16 ---
ITSM Guided Setup more information page
More information page components
No. UI Component Description
1 Breadcrumbs Provides link to follow back to the parent page from the current page.
2 Activity Displays the activity name, the time, and the role who has last visited
the page, and a detailed technical explanation on how and why to
perform the activity.
ITSM guided setup configuration view page
The ITSM guided setup configuration view page helps you set configurations through the
corresponding forms, lists, properties, and so on. It also provides you access to contextual
embedded help, contextual documentation on the ServiceNow product documentation site,
and guided tour (if available for an activity).
March 26, 2018 ©2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved. 16
ServiceNow | ITSM guided setup

--- PAGE 17 ---
ITSM Guided Setup configuration view page
Configuration view page components
No. UI Component Description
1 Configuration workspace Displays forms, lists, properties,
and so on, to set the required
configurations.
2 Embedded help Displays contextual help
information and instructions for
the configuration task.
3 Task controls
• Take a Tour: If available, use
this control to view a guided
tour of the configuration task.
• Mark as Complete: Use this
control to mark a
configuration task as complete
and return to the task view
page.
• Skip this Configuration: Use
this control to skip the
configuration task and return
to the task view page.
• Back to Guided Setup: Use
this control to return to the
task view page.
• Exit Guided Setup: Use this
control to exit the ITSM
Guided Setup application.
4 Help pane control Maximizes or minimizes the help
pane.
March 26, 2018 ©2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved. 17
ServiceNow | ITSM guided setup

--- PAGE 18 ---
Unlock a task in ITSM guided setup
Last updated: November 16, 2017
A configuration task in ITSM guided setup can have prerequisites that must be completed
before the configurations for the task can be started. Such tasks are displayed as locked
until the prerequisites are completed.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
About this task
In ITSM guided setup, the prerequisites can fall under one of the following categories:
Dependency on a plugin
Activate the required plugins to unlock the configuration task.
Dependency on other configuration activities
Complete the required activities to unlock the configuration task.
Procedure
• To unlock a plugin-dependent task:
1. Click the View plugins link.
2. In the Required plugins window, select one of the required plugins.
If only one plugin is required, it gets selected by default.
3. Under Related Links, click Activate/Upgrade.
4. Proceed with the onscreen instructions to activate the plugin and reload the form.
The configuration task is unlocked.
• To unlock an activity-dependent task:
1. Complete the prerequisite configuration activity.
2. If the prerequisite configuration activity itself depends on other configuration
activities, loop through the prerequisite activities to complete them.
The configuration task is unlocked.
Mark a configuration task as complete or incomplete
Last updated: November 16, 2017
In ITSM guided setup, you can mark a task as complete after you finish it or if you decide to
accept the default configurations. If you decide later that you want to configure the task,
you can mark the task as incomplete to update the completion status accordingly.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
About this task
March 26, 2018 ©2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved. 18
ServiceNow | ITSM guided setup

--- PAGE 19 ---
When you mark a configuration task as complete or incomplete, the status of the
corresponding category and the overall completion status are updated. You can click
Configure and make the required configuration changes irrespective of whether the task is
marked as complete or incomplete. When you mark a task as incomplete, only the
completion status is updated, no configuration changes are reverted.
Procedure
1. To mark a configuration task as complete, click Mark as complete.
2. To mark a configuration task as incomplete, click Mark as incomplete
March 26, 2018 ©2018 ServiceNow. All rights reserved. 19
ServiceNow | ITSM guided setup